## Introduction

Background
Bellabeat is a high tech company that manufactures health focused smart products.They offer different smart devices that collect data on activity, sleep, stress, and reproductive health to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits.

The main focus of this case is to analyze smart devices fitness data and determine how it could help unlock new growth opportunities for Bellabeat . We will focus on one of Bellabeat’s products: Bellabeat app.

The Bellabeat app provides users with health data related to their activity, sleep, stress, menstrual cycle, and mindfulness habits. This data can help users better understand their current habits and make healthy decisions. The Bellabeat app connects to their line of smart wellness products.

Bussiness Task
Given the previous facts, the business task is defined as searching for user patterns of usage of their smart devices in order to gain insights that would later better orientate marketing decisions. So, in one phrase it would be:

How do our users use our smart devices?. Identify trends in how consumers use non Bellabeat smart devices to apply insights into Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.


Dataset Used
The data source used for this case study is FitBit Fitness Tracker Data. This dataset is stored in Kaggle and was made available through Mobius and generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016 05.12.2016.


Data limitations
The data has some limitations which could Undermine the results of the analysis Such limitations to take into consideration are:

Missing demographics
Small simple size
Short time period of Data collection
